Add Failure concept & KB article; expand Activity Cancellation (#1776)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-an-activity-execution.md

![Activity Execution](/diagrams/activity-execution.svg)

By default, an Activity Execution has no time limit.
Activity Execution [timeouts](/application-development/features#activity-timeouts) and [retry policies](/concepts/what-is-a-retry-policy) can be customized.

If an Activity Execution fails (because it exhausted all retries, threw a [non-retryable error](/concepts/what-is-a-retry-policy#non-retryable-errors), or was canceled), the error is returned to the [Workflow](/workflows), which decides how to handle it.

### Cancellation

Activity Cancellation:

- lets the Activity know it doesn't need to keep doing work, and
- gives the Activity time to clean up any resources it has created.

> Activities can only receive Cancellation if they emit Heartbeats or are Local Activities (which can't heartbeat but receive Cancellation anyway).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activities can only receive Cancellation if they emit Heartbeats or are Local Activities (which don't heartbeat but receive Cancellation anyway).
```

Also, this isn't _strictly_ true as there's an implied heartbeat, but I think the phrasing here is just fine.

> Activities can only receive Cancellation if they emit Heartbeats or are Local Activities (which don't heartbeat but receive Cancellation anyway).

Reviewer 2: Only Core implements local activity cancellation

An Activity may receive Cancellation if:

> - The Activity or Activity's Workflow was requested to be Cancelled and the Activity's Cancellation type was **not** set to `ABANDON`.

Reviewer: Not all languages have activity cancellation type or ABANDON (e.g. Go).

```suggestion
- The Activity was requested to be Cancelled (which can often cascade from workflow cancellation). SDKs have ways to disable cancellation from cascading.
```

> - The Worker is shutting down.

Reviewer 2: in some SDKs

- The Activity was considered failed by the Server because any of the Activity timeouts have triggered (for example, the Server didn't receive a heartbeat within the Activity's Heartbeat timeout). The [Cancelled Failure](/concepts/what-is-a-failure#cancelled-failure) that the Activity receives will have `message: 'TIMED_OUT'`.

> - An Activity sends a Heartbeat but the Heartbeat details can't be converted by the Worker's configured [Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter).

Author: - [In some SDKs] an Activity sends a Heartbeat but the Heartbeat details can't be converted by the Worker's configured [Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter). This fails the Activity Task Execution with an Application Failure that has `message: "HEARTBEAT_DETAILS_CONVERSION_FAILED"`.

> - An Activity sends a Heartbeat but the Heartbeat details can't be converted by the Worker's configured [Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter).

Reviewer: This is getting even more specific saying what the messages are. I am not sure we should put English message expectations in our documentation.
